>> Kyle Simpson: Let's dig in
a bit on this topic of equality,
because there's a lot of meat that we
just went over in terms of equality.
So we wanna have a whole
exercise dedicated to this.
And fair warning, this exercise
is going to be fairly involved.
There's a lot of little nuances that
we're gonna have to take care of.
What I am asking you to
do with this exercise
is you're going to write
a findAll utility.
And this findAll utility searches through
an array, looking for any values within
the array that are coercively equal to
some test value that you've passed in.
But there are some very specific
constraints on that coercive equality.
So it's, of course, not as simple
as just applying a double equals.
So the findAll utility needs to return
an array with all of the values that match
the test rules as described
here in the instructions.
So the coercive matching that we want,
which is not just the double equals,
is any exact matches, which we now know
we can use an object dot this for.
And any exact matches, we,
of course, want to include.
If there are any strings,
except for the empty string or
white space only, remember,
we wanna ignore those, but
if there are any strings, they're
allowed to coercively match numbers.
And if there are any numbers,
other than NaN and the infinities,
those are allowed to match strings.
But as a little bit of a hint,
be very careful with -0,
because it will throw a wrench into
several of these test cases, okay?
We wanna allow null to match undefined,
and
vise versa,
that's pretty straight forward.
We wanna allow booleans only
to match other booleans.
So true only matches true,
not the string true, or the number one,
or anything like that.
And anything that's not a primitive,
like any of the objects,
those are strictly identity only matching.
So no structural checking
that you need to implement.
In our ex.js file, you'll notice that
we have a bunch of test cases here.
And there's a function at the bottom
which is only being used for
the purposes of the test case.
It's checking to make sure that these
arrays contain the same values, and
then even if they're in different orders.
So these are all of our test
cases that we're checking for.
It would be useful for
you to go through those test cases to make
sure you understand what
the readme is saying.
But you wanna do is implement a findAll
which can take this values array and
a value like, for example,
let's just take one here.
So the findAll takes the -0 and
the values, and
it should only return an array
with a single -0 in it.
But for example,
if you pass findAll with "0",
then that should find both
the regular 0 and the quote 0, okay?
Hopefully that makes sense.
So we will take a bit more time
because this is more involved.
You're gonna write several
different clauses and
if statements to handle all of these.
And don't feel bad if you
miss some of these cases,
cuz there's a lot of nuance here.
The point of the exercise is
to get you thinking about,
how do I restrict this so that I have
a safe set of coercive comparisons?